this is a to-do list. please contribute

I need to re-organize the folders in Pages. 
should be a folder for User, Entry, Exercise, and Exercise Goals (one folder for each chart in the lucid chart).
within the folder should be CRUD (create, retrieve, update, and delete).
each of the files for the ^step above^ should be labeled as "addUser" "retrieveUser" (sign in), etc. type beat.
^^making sure that every files' name is descriptive and unique - to make shit easier to read. but index is ok, just try not to. 

sometime after this reorganization, restructure the entire Layout. chagne the list at the top to include the actually useful pages. 
keep the ExerciseLog item. Update the main part of _Layout to include information on what this project is and who contributed - its a preface

someone needs to add icons from bootstrap. check the recording 3-29 @~1:44 local time (the time shown on the pc in the recording).
Add the line of code in the head of _Layout then update every button that can be updateed with an icon. that is, every button in the entire project

learn how to make the sections of html code for every entry item (in the view entries page) so that the page can dynamicaly generate a line for each entry

Things we should do RIGHT NOW!
- get the repo and ssms to work on your device. do this with BOTH the prfessors project (NTOTL/My-shelf (i think)) and our repo. 
the reason for both is so that A, we are on the same page. and B, you can look at and compare ours to his.
pro tip! - we are all running windows on laptops, yes? do ctrl+win + D. you have made a new desktop! swipe between them using either 3 or 4 fingers (it varies by device and settings). 
and strategicaly spread your workspace around these virtual desktops. for me, i have the recording on one, our project on the next, and his project on the next.
i would highly highly suggest learning the very basics of Virtual Desktops - that's what this is called. i can promise you it will help emensly with workflow!

another tip - go to library with an hdmi cable and hijack a monitor so that you can have one extra external monitor. this will ALSO immensly help with workflow!
go to Settings > System > Display to tune your device to work for external monitors.





